# Epic Mickey 2 Psp
 
 
***Epic Mickey*** is a 2010 platform game developed by Junction Point Studios and published by Disney Interactive Studios for the Wii. It was released in November 2010 in North America and PAL territories and August 2011 in Japan by Nintendo. The game focuses on Mickey Mouse, who accidentally damages a world created by Yen Sid for forgotten characters and concepts and must save it from the Blot. The game features Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, a character created by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks and originally owned by Universal Pictures; The Walt Disney Company gained ownership of the character in 2006. The game marks the first time that Mickey and Oswald have appeared together.
 
*Epic Mickey* was part of an effort by Disney to re-brand Mickey Mouse as a character by placing less emphasis on his pleasant, cheerful side and reintroducing the more mischievous and adventurous sides of his personality,[1] depicting him as an epic hero. It was directed by Warren Spector, who collaborated with Walt Disney Animation Studios on the project, with help from Powerhouse Animation Studios, who made the cutscenes for the game.[2] The game was announced in October 2009,[3][4] and released in November 2010. The game received mixed-to-positive reviews from critics, who praised its visual style, unique gameplay, and meta-commentary narrative, but criticized its camera and lack of true player-choice. It has maintained popularity since its release, and is widely credited for re-igniting public interest in the Oswald character, as well as other minor Disney characters such as Horace Horsecollar and Clarabelle Cow. Successors to the game include *Epic Mickey 2: The Power of Two* and *Epic Mickey: Power of Illusion*.
 
**Download Zip ->>> [https://9nieneuctivo.blogspot.com/?qu=2A0Ten](https://9nieneuctivo.blogspot.com/?qu=2A0Ten)**


 
*Epic Mickey* is primarily a platform game and allows players to use their own solutions for getting through the levels. *Epic Mickey* features a morality system similar to games like *Infamous*, *Spider-Man: Web of Shadows*, and *Shadow the Hedgehog*. Different alliances, side-quests and power-ups are made available depending on the choices of the player. It is also possible to avoid mini-bosses if specific actions are taken. The in-game currency (E-tickets) are important to these boss fights.
 
The game's key feature is a magic paintbrush, which Mickey wields, that has the ability to draw or erase objects using paint and thinner. For example, obstacles can be erased from physical existence with thinner and then restored with paint, or enemies can be befriended by revitalizing them with paint or destroyed completely using the thinner. The two fluids have little effect on "Beetleworx" enemies, which require being taken down physically. Mickey is also able to materialize objects from sketches, which have various effects. Two of the three sketches, the watch and the television, slow down time and distract enemies, respectively.[6] Both fluids have limited reserves, adding a strategic element to gameplay: players must compromise between making various tasks harder or easier to accomplish. However, the fluids automatically but slowly refill, and power-ups that quickly replenish the fluids are available in certain areas. Mickey can also find collectable pins in Wasteland. Most are bronze, silver, or gold pins, but some are special: for example, the "Art Appreciator" or "Mean Street" pin. Another thing that is useful in the game is a type of currency called E-tickets. These can be given or discovered. They are used to buy quest items, concept art, pins, health refills, or paint or thinner refills.
 
The game is set in the Wasteland, a pen-and-paper stylized world, created in the game's narrative by the sorcerer Yen Sid, as a place for "forgotten things", namely disused or obscure Disney characters.[7] It is physically inspired by Disneyland, and appears as an intricate model in Yen Sid's workshop. However, Mickey Mouse's fiddling with Yen Sid's paintbrush causes mass damage to the model, turning Wasteland into a post-apocalyptic landscape. The land is tormented by the Blot, a monstrous being which Mickey accidentally created using the brush and is loosely based on the Phantom Blot, an antagonist to Mickey in the comic strips created by Floyd Gottfredson,[8] as well as the Mad Doctor.
 
Wasteland is split into several locations based on various areas from Disneyland and other Disney theme parks. Dark Beauty Castle is based on Sleeping Beauty Castle, Mean Street is based on Main Street, U.S.A., where Horace Horsecollar and Pete live, though other incarnations of the latter appear through the game. The Gremlin Village is inspired by Fantasyland, based primarily around It's A Small World. The attraction's iconic clock tower serves as the game's first boss.[9] Mickeyjunk Mountain is based on the Matterhorn Bobsleds, and is covered in discarded Mickey Mouse toys and merchandise.[10] Other locations include Bog Easy, based on New Orleans Square, which is home to the Lonesome Manor, based on The Haunted Mansion, Ventureland, based on Adventureland, Tomorrow City, based on Tomorrowland, and OsTown, based on Mickey's Toontown, where Clarabelle Cow lives.
 
Mickey Mouse, out of curiosity, enters Yen Sid's workshop through a magic mirror in his house and discovers the model of a world resembling Disneyland that Yen Sid created for things that have been forgotten, and the Magic Paintbrush, the tool used to create it. Mickey examines the model after Yen Sid leaves, not knowing what it actually is, and starts fiddling with the brush to make a self-portrait of himself, but accidentally creates a monster made of the paint and thinner. Mickey panics when the ink monster tries to attack him and throws thinner on it in an attempt to erase it, but spills more paint and thinner on the model in the process. Upon seeing Yen Sid approaching, Mickey quickly tries to clean up the mess, but in his haste, spills the entire thinner bottle onto the paint spillage as he flees back to his house. The monster, having survived Mickey's attempt to destroy it, enters the model through a portal created by the paint and thinner mixture, taking the bottle of thinner with it. Yen Sid arrives too late before he could do anything, and deems the world he created had become a "wasteland".
 
After many decades of fame following the incident, Mickey has forgotten about what had happened until what appears to be the ink monster enters his home through the mirror and abducts him, bringing him into the ruined, forgotten world, now known as Wasteland. After waking up, Mickey finds himself strapped to a table in a huge laboratory in Dark Beauty Castle by the Mad Doctor, who plans to steal Mickey's heart by using a large mechanical arm. However, Mickey frees himself before he can succeed and scares off the monster with Yen Sid's brush, which had also fallen into Wasteland, forcing the Mad Doctor to flee. Oswald, who was secretly spying on them the whole time, attempts to follow the Mad Doctor after he escapes, but accidentally breaks a lever on the main controls for the mechanical arm, causing it to malfunction and become hostile, leaving Mickey to deal with it.

Gus, the leader of the Gremlins, suddenly arrives and helps Mickey disable the mechanical arm and escape out of Dark Beauty Castle. Gus explains to Mickey on the way out that the ink monster is called the Blot and is made of paint and thinner. Mickey also discovers that he mixed with some of the Blot's ink, causing ink to drip off of him. Gus teaches Mickey how to use the Magic Brush, which allows Mickey to spray paint and thinner that can be used to erase or paint in toon objects and fight Blotlings, the Blot's spawn, and Beetleworx, the Mad Doctor's evil creations. After traveling through the World of Gremlins, based on It's a Small World, he confronts the Clock Tower, now driven insane after hearing the song "It's a Small World" non-stop for years. From there he arrives to Mean Street, where many of Wasteland's inhabitants reside. There, he learns that Wasteland was once a safe and happy place until an event called the Thinner Disaster occurred, which permanently damaged the world and made many areas dangerous, followed by the arrival of the Blot. After locating Oswald at his sanctuary in Mickeyjunk Mountain, Mickey discovers that the only way a cartoon character can escape Wasteland is with a heart. He also learns that Oswald believes that Mickey stole his life and heavily resents him, but he reluctantly agrees to help Mickey escape since he still has his heart. To do so, they journey to the Moonliner Rocket at Tomorrow City, only for them to discover that the Mad Doctor had stolen essential parts from it to use for his evil plans, so Oswald sends Mickey and Gus to collect them. Tho duo retrieve the first part after defeating the thinner corrupted Petetronic, an incarnation of Pete based on Sark from Tron, the next after defeating an animatronic version of Captain Hook in Ventureland, and then confront the Mad Doctor in Lonesome Manor. After defeating him, it is revealed that the Mad Doctor turned himself into an animatronic, which would allow him to survive the Blot's revolt and rule over the remaining inhabitants of Wasteland, before he is sent flying after Gus removes the last rocket part from his hovercraft.
 
After acquiring all the parts, Oswald has Mickey help repel a Blot attack on the summit of Mickeyjunk Mountain. Once the threat is neutralized, Oswald reveals to Mickey that the Blot that he had just battled, along with all of the Blotlings Mickey had encountered, were only drippings of the real Blot. Oswald explains that he and his girlfriend, Ortensia, managed to seal the Blot away in the bottle of thinner many years ago, but Ortensia was blighted by the monster in the process and entered an inert state. Oswald then decides that he had been too hostile towards Mickey and attempts to start over and become friends with him. Mickey becomes overwhelmed with guilt and confesses to Oswald that he was the cause of the Blot's existence and the Thinner Disaster, which causes Oswald to lose his temper and jump on top of the cork sealing the thinner bottle shut, challenging Mickey to a fight. The cork sealing the bottle suddenly breaks, allowing the Blot to escape from its imprisonment. The Blot, which has grown into an enormous monster, captures Oswald and Gus and threatens to kill them if Mickey does not allow it to take his heart. Mickey yields his heart to the Blot, who then lets Oswald and Gus go and proceeds to go on a rampage throughout Wasteland, using ink tentacles called bloticles to absorb paint and become more powerful before moving on to Mickey's world to wreak havoc there.
 a2f82b0cb4
 
